Polishing repository (#5)
fingerprintjs/fingerprint-pro-server-api-openapi: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to Fingerprint Pro Server API OpenAPI

The repository contains [Fingerprint Pro Server API](https://dev.fingerprint.com/docs/server-api) definition in OpenAPI format.

## Schema

You can find the definition in the [schemes](/schemes) folder. You can find information about OpenAPI 3.0.3 in the [official specification](https://spec.openapis.org/oas/v3.0.3).

## Demo app

> Code of demo application you can find in [src](src) folder. It uses [Swagger UI](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-ui) to render schema and provide sandbox.

Reviewer: How about:

```suggestion
Code of demo application can be found in [src](src) folder. It uses [Swagger UI](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-ui) to render schema and provide sandbox.
```
